Even if the imperial teacher comes today
Can't take you away
Really?
Then guess why I was the only one caught?
Hucheng North Gate Backflow South Wall
If my brother can't wait for the end of my Hucheng
Then it's the same as the bookstore.
You dare to threaten them
Do you think I would be afraid of you?
Of course I will be afraid
If it breaks
Lord Imperial Preceptor
Unlock him
Well, the baby bird princess unlocks the lock
Princess, I asked you to unlock it for him
Ma Ji, how dare you betray me?
Never work together
Why betray
Ouch, yo, yo.
Okay, what about the stuff?
Here it is.
You can send someone to clean up
Okay, how dare you tease me
I really don't want to live anymore
Eyes eat order too high into the mountain
Yeah!
Is the princess angry?
Let's go
Ma Liang, you have restored the law